Refactor: Update Open Coinverse Guide to Safe open info (#168)
safe-global/safe-docs: learn/resources.md

|                                                                                                                                            | Description                                                                                                | Author                                                                |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Safe open guide](https://hackmd.io/@safe/og) | A wiki covering a diverse range of topics from about the ecosystem, using Safe, compatibility, and security.           | [Adam Hurwitz (@adamshurwitz)](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz)      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Safe open guide](https://hackmd.io/@safe/og) | A wiki covering a diverse range of topics about the Safe ecosystem, such as how to use a Safe, layer 2 compatibility, and verifying transactions.           | [Adam Hurwitz (@adamshurwitz)](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz)      |
```
